-: Welcome back.
So in our previous lecture we discussed
about the ALB Ingress controller foundation
and then what are this cluster role service
account cluster role binding
and then IAM policy and also the IAM role.
So now we are going to move on with step two
which is nothing
but creating the service account which will also
create equal and cluster role binding and then cluster role.
So while in this concept
the main important thing here is
we are not going to use any specific version
whatever AWS provide in which documentation.
So we are going to straight away going to
use the master branch so
that always we'll get the
latest information for this role from the AWS.
Okay? So that's the reason we have implemented it
by the link we have provided is our back role
from the master branch instead of a specific version.
So now we are going to
verify what all the service
accounts present in our
Kubernetes cube system namespace.
Okay, so let me clear this
and what I'm going to say is
cube CTL get SCA is nothing
but service account and high finance cube system.
So which is nothing but in name space cube system, right?
So now we have got lot of information here which is nothing
but lot of service accounts available here.
So we will leave this and now if you see these are
we really don't have any new service account here
with us related
to ALB Ingress controller already created and present here.
So we'll go ahead and then create that now.
So we are going to copy this entire link and then
paste it to create the cluster role cluster role binding
and then service account for ALB Ingress controller.
So you can see that it created the cluster role,
it created the cluster role binding
and also it created the service account.
So now if I again execute the same command cube CTL get
service accounts in cube system name space, I'm going to
get the ALB Ingress controller just now created
which is 13 seconds before, which is age, right?
So now we have verified it.
So now we are going to describe it.
So the reason we are going to describe it is we'll come to
know in our next steps.
Okay? So we are going to describe it and in the annotations
we are going to review any of the AWS IAM roles.
So in annotations you don't see any of the AWS IAM roles.
So once we go ahead and then implement next steps
finally whenever we verify here the AWS IAM role
will be annotated.
So which means like this service account gets the
capacity to call
means like get the capacity to call other
AWS services means like from the pod
from the ALB Ingress controller pod
we will be able to call other AWS services outside of
the EKS cluster, right?
So when the service account gets that capacity
when you annotate it with that respective role
and whatever is present, the policies means
like for which services the policies is present
in that AWS IAM role.
So those things will be able to be accessible
from this respective to service account using pod, right?
So now let's go ahead and then so for reference also
I'll put the output here for the comparison for you.
So now we are going to create a IAM policy for
ALB Ingress controller.
So we created a service account cluster role
and then cluster binding.
Now we are going to create IAM policy for ALB
Ingress controller.
So why this policy?
So this IAM policy will allow ALB Ingress
controller part to make calls to AWS APIs.
So if you want to call those AWS APIs
again those are also protected once, right?
So review IAM policy and then create a IAM role
and then that role will be annotated
with this service account
and then that service account will be configured
in this respect to ALB Ingress control par so
that we will be able to access the respective
AWS APIs configured in this IAM policy means
like respect to AWS APIs services or whatever it is, right?
So now we have a issue
with the IAM policy dot GSN whatever AWS has provided.
Due to that you
will not be able to create this directly
which means
like whenever you try to create using command line
right AWS IAM create policy and then if you try to create it
so obviously it is going to throw an error.
So you can even try it now.
So an error occurred mal former policy document.
So due to that we are going to do it manually.
So let's see how we are going to do it.
So we are going to take the same GSN file whatever
we specified here, right?
So we are going to copy it, open it in new window
and then entire thing we are going to copy, right?
And then we'll go to AWS management console and we'll go
to IA and we'll create this policy manually
by doing little bit of tweaks for it.
Okay? So this is the policies and here we are going to
create a new policy and in GSN whatever we have copied
remove the whatever existing here and then paste it, right?
So whatever you have copied there from this location, you
paste it here and then go to visual editor.
What it'll do is it'll validate whether this GSN is valid
or not.
And you can see here you are getting one error related
to ELB, right?
So I really don't want inside that and then fix that error
remove or whatever it is, okay?
So what I'll do is I'll click on additional permissions here
and then choose a service which is nothing but ELB, right?
And I'll give all ELB actions, okay?
And then I'll go to resources and then say all resources
right? So I'll minimize this so
that now ELB all actions have got it.
So and here for this
ELB, whatever the error it is throwing
I am going to remove that, right?
So now that ELB is removed with 33 actions
whatever has warning and new ELB is added with all actions.
So I'll review the policy
and provide the name of my policy, right?
So name of my policy
ALB Ingress controller IAM
policy, right?
And my description is going to be whatever I
have put it here, this API, this IAM policy
will allow our ALB Ingress controller part to make calls
to AWS APIs, right?
So now if you see this, this respective
to Ingress controller part, whatever we are going to create
it will be able to manage certificate manager,
cognitive user pools and then EC2, ELB, ELBV2
right? IAM resource group tagging shield and web
application firewall, web application firewall
regional and then WAFV2 also.
So all the things this respect to ALB
Ingress controller port is going to get access
from AWS services perspective, right?
Close to 233 services it is going to get access.
So now I'm going to create a policy here,
right?
So once the policy is created
so sets for that policy, right?
And then make a note of this entire policy ARN, okay?
So which we are going to use when we are
creating the IAM role using EKSCTL.
So let's make a note of this policy.
So if you see here in the steps also I have provided
so make a note of that policy error.
So it is going to be same, it's not going to change.
So for me, so now I'm going to create an IAM role
for this ALB Ingress controller and attach that role
to the service account, which is nothing
but whatever the IAM role created that is going to
be annotated on our service accounting Kubernetes cluster.
So AWS IAM role we can create using EKSCTL.
And if your cluster is created with EKSCTL
then only you can use this option to create it.
Else you need to create it manually and
in manual process there
is lot of things you need to work on which is going
to be a problem for you.
And one important thing here is you should have
already means like if this step is not executed
so which step I'll tell you.
So if you go in the EKS create cluster using EKSCTL
there will be something called
step 02 in 02.
Let me go there.
So 01-02, there will be one step called create
an associate, IAM ODC provider for EKS cluster.
So during the creation of the cluster itself
we have implemented it.
So if this step is not implemented then whatever
we are doing here
right? So whatever we are doing here with
EKSCTL create IAM service account
this is going to throw an error.
So just a reminder for you here.
So now if it is only a EKSCTL manager cluster
you can use this option.
So now this command line will create an AWS IAM
role and bounce that to the Kubernetes service account.
So let's see what is this command, right?
So EKSCTL create IAM service account and region
code you need to provide here US east one we are using
I have provided and name.
So this name is nothing but what is your service
account name?
So EKS service account name that need to be bound
to the newly created IAM role.
So my service account name
whatever we just described and seen everything, right?
So if you can see here,
so you have seen that, right?
So this is the service account name ALB Ingress controller
right?
So the same service account name we are providing here
and the name space is Cube System
and the cluster is EKS Demo one and the attached
policy error in which we make made a note here, right?
The same thing, policy error
and we are going to paste it here
and we are going to override existing service account
and then approve it.
That's all.
Okay? So we are going to override
and then add the Kubernetes annotation here
with the cluster AR and whatever is provided.
Okay? So cluster means like the role IAM role AR
and whatever after creation it provides
that one we are going to annotate it
on this ALB Ingress controller service account.
So let's go ahead and then create this
and then verify all those steps one by one.
Okay? So let me copy and then
paste it, right?
So once created, so we need to test all this stuff, okay?
So we have close to four, three verification steps here.
So let's go ahead and then verify them.
So it is creating, so if you see here it is going to
create a Kubernetes cloud formation stack as part
of this, which means to create that role, it is going to
create a cloud formation stack.
So if you want to delete this role, you can go
and then directly delete that respective cloud
formation stack.
So it is saying deploying the stack, EKSCTL, EKS demo
add on IAM service account cube system
ALB Ingress controller.
So let's wait for it to be get created and then
we can move on.
Mostly it would have been created now.
Yeah, it got created.
So now let's go ahead and then
go to verify it.
Okay, so we are going to say EKSCTL get IAM service
account in cluster EKS Demo one.
So it'll provide all the IAM service accounts created
using EKSCTL.
So let me paste it
and we get the information.
So ALB Ingress controller
that is the IAM service account and which is
attached to this respective IAM role.
So we can also verify in our cloud formation template.
So we can go to services, let me close this
whatever the cluster role binding stuff.
Yeah. So we can go here
and then we can go to cloud formation, right?
And in cloud formation we'll go
to this respective stack which has created latest today.
Okay, so if I go here you can see
that it created EKSCTL EKS Demo one
add on IAM service account.
Okay? So if you see here
in outputs so this is the role it has created
and you can see on the click on the resources
and if you click on this respective resources
it'll take us to the IAM management consult
that respective role in role section, right?
So and now if you see this respective
role is associated with the ALB Ingress controller policy
because here in this step you have provided
that the policy AR and what it need to attach.
So that's the reason it attached this policy.
So now we have created our IAM policy
IAM role and also Kubernetes service account.
So final verification is on the Kubernetes service
account named ALB Ingress controller.
So do we have this annotation available or not, right?
So let's go ahead and then describe the ALB
Ingress controller Kubernetes service account.
Okay?
So let me say clear and paste it, right?
And once it provides the information, you can see it here
in the annotations EKS Amazon AWS.com role
AR and AWS whatever the
account number and the role
whatever it is created.
So this role
you can see it here one year CXR YJ1 at the end.
Okay, so let's come back to our UI.
You can see YJ1.
See, so now this role is annotated here
in the Kubernetes service account.
So which tells us
that whoever uses this ALB Ingress controller
service account, they get the access to these AWS services
whatever it is present inside this policy.
So all these services it gets access
to based on whatever it is provided.
So whether it is list and read
or read or full access or whatever it is, right?
So that's about the steps.
Whatever we have implemented as part
of ALB Ingress controller prerequisite steps
in our next lecture, we'll focus
on deploying the ALB Ingress controller and then testing it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.